Update install script to install default plugins and templates (#643)
fermyon/developer: content/spin/install.md

{{ startTab "Linux"}}

> There are multiple ways to install Spin. The easiest is to use the installer script, hosted on this site. The script installs Spin along with [default templates and plugins](#installing-default-templates-and-plugins).

Reviewer: I think if we remove this link, and then change the header of the template install not not use the word "Default" it feels less of a task I MUST do. And since most will use the install script (hypothesis), that extra section doesn't matter to most.

> There are multiple ways to install Spin. The easiest is to use the installer script, hosted on this site. The script installs Spin along with [default templates and plugins](#installing-default-templates-and-plugins).

Reviewer 2: Thanks Kate, looks great.

{{ startTab "macOS"}}

> There are multiple ways to install Spin. The easiest is to use the installer script, hosted on this site. The script installs Spin along with a starter set of templates and plugins.

Reviewer 3: sorry missed a bit

```suggestion
There are multiple ways to install Spin. The easiest is to use the installer script, hosted on this site. The script installs Spin along with a starter set of language templates and plugins.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks, added in latest commits.

> There are multiple ways to install Spin. The easiest is to use the installer script, hosted on this site. The script installs Spin along with a starter set of templates and plugins:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are multiple ways to install Spin. The easiest is to use the installer script, hosted on this site. The script installs Spin along with a starter set of language templates and plugins:
```

Simply unzip the binary release and place the `spin.exe` in your system path.

> Next, we recommend following the steps to install a starter set of [templates and plugins](#installing-templates-and-plugins).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Next, we recommend you [install a starter set of templates and plugins](#installing-templates-and-plugins).
```

just simplifying the text a bit

$ sudo apt-get install build-essential libssl-dev pkg-config
```

> This does not install any Spin templates or plugins. For a starter list, see the [Installing Templates and Plugins section](#installing-templates-and-plugins).

Reviewer 3: Let's use the same wording for all of the "bare" install cases (this wording or the one above).

Reviewer 2: This wording works. Thanks.

$ rustup update
```

> ## Installing Default Templates and Plugins

Reviewer: It might be good to call out what the default template and plug-ins are. Whether in this doc, or another place, not sure.

At least the repos we consider default (spin, spin-python-sdk, spin-js-sdk, and the two plugins.)

Author: Yeah i was wondering if we want to textually list them or whether the installation code is descriptive enough. We should probably define what is default. in my head its "language utilities" and cloud plugin.

Reviewer 2: This appears to be resolve in the source.

$ rustup update
```

> ## Installing Default Templates and Plugins

Author: Good point. Added

> ## Installing Default Templates and Plugins

Reviewer 2: Thanks Kate, looks great.

Spin has a variety of templates and plugins to make it easier to create Spin applications in your favorite programming language. 

> While the install script automatically installs these, if you used a different installation method, the following is a recommended post-installation step:

Reviewer: Suggesting changing to

"While the install script automatically installs templates and plugins from the Spin repo, the JavaScript SDK, and Python SDKs, if you used a different installation method, the following is a recommended post-installation step:

Author: i modified it. Not word for word to your suggestion but still capturing what is being installed

Reviewer 2: Thanks Kate.

$ rustup update
```

> This does not install any Spin templates or plugins. For a starter list, see the [Installing Templates and Plugins section](#installing-templates-and-plugins).

Reviewer 3: Same comment re unifying bare install wording

## Installing Templates and Plugins

Spin has a variety of templates and plugins to make it easier to create Spin applications in your favorite programming language. 

> The install script automatically installs a starter set of templates and plugins, namely templates from the Spin repository and JavaScript and Python toolchain plugins. If you used a different installation method, the following is a recommended post-installation step:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The install script automatically installs a starter set of templates and plugins, namely templates from the Spin repository and JavaScript and Python toolchain plugins. If you used a different installation method, we recommend you install these templates and plugins manually, as follows:
```

(more active voice and saying what it does)

```sh

> spin templates install --git "https://github.com/fermyon/spin" --upgrade

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
spin templates install --git https://github.com/fermyon/spin --upgrade
```

> spin templates install --git "https://github.com/fermyon/spin-python-sdk" --upgrade

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
spin templates install --git https://github.com/fermyon/spin-python-sdk --upgrade
```

> spin templates install --git "https://github.com/fermyon/spin-js-sdk" --upgrade

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
spin templates install --git https://github.com/fermyon/spin-js-sdk --upgrade
```
